addChild 2 dana 0598765432    //error no class
addTeacher 45 dalia 10        //error no class
addClass 60 2.500 20 2        // first class
addChild 2 dana 0598765432    //error no t
addClass 60 3.125 10 2        //error class ex
addClass 60 3.125 10 1        //second class
addClass 50 0.000 30 3        //third class
addTeacher 45 dalia 10        //class 2 (1t 0c)
addTeacher 40 sara 5          //class 1 (1t 0c)
addTeacher 65 dorit 75        //class 3 (1t 0c)
addTeacher 21 reuven 13       //class 2 (2t 0c)
addChild 3 dana 0598765432    //error ratio=0
addChild 2 dana 0598765432    //class 2 (2t 1c)
addChild 17 dani 0546123456   // error no class for this age
addTeacher 77 ilana 76        //class 2 (3t 1c)
removeTeacher ilana           //class 2 (2t 1c)
addChild 2 dani 054612        //class 2 (2t 2c)
addChild 2 tom 0545555555     //class 2 (2t 3c)
addChild 2 tal 0546987654     //class 2 (2t 4c)
addChild 2 uri 0525456456     //class 2 (2t 5c)
addChild 2 uriel 0525456457   //error over ratio
addChild 1 hadas 0505789789   //class 1 (1t c1)
addChild 1 salivan 0112358132 //class 1 (1t c2)

PrintKindergarten

removeTeacher dalia           //error over ratio
removeTeacher dorit           //class 3 (0t 0c)

removeChild beni              //error c not ex
removeTeacher dorit           //error t not ex
removeTeacher yanush          //error t not ex
removeChild dana              //class 2 (2t 4c)
addTeacher 12 aliza 21	      //class 3 (1t 0c)
addTeacher 42 hedva 10        //class 2 (3t 4c)

PrintKindergarten

sickChild like                //error c not ex
sickChild dani                //error Phone not good
sickChild tom                 //tom is sick

addChild 2 dana 0598765432    //error office busy 
addTeacher 88 shosh 16        //error office busy
addClass 60 2.500 20 74       //error office busy
removeClass 1                 //error office busy  
removeChild tal               //error office busy
removeTeacher hedva           //error office busy
sickChild hadas               //error office busy
PrintKindergarten

removeChild tom               //class 2 (3t 3c)

PrintKindergarten

addChild 2 dana 0598765432    //class 2 (3t 4c)
addTeacher 88 shosh 16        //class 1 (2t c2)
addClass 60 2.500 20 74       //class 74 (0t 0c)
removeClass 1                 //3 class become second class
removeClass 33                //error Class not ex
removeChild salivan           //error c not ex
addChild 1 danit 0598767432   //error Class 1 not ex
addClass 45 3.184 10 1        //third class 
removeChild uri               //class 2 (3t 3c)
removeTeacher sara            //error t not ex
removeTeacher hedva           //class 2 (2t 3c)
sickChild hadas               //error c not ex
PrintKindergarten
